So this is the first project done together as a team. I do not have access to other team members' code, only my own, and then all of the placeholder classes that I had created in order to test my code's functionality.
For this project, I was the frontend developer, so my role was to develop the frontend for our project, to ensure it has a clean look, and conveys the information that the backend of the code is computing.
Our project was a show searcher application, which would use a CSV file of shows that the DataWrangler would extract the data from these shows. Then the algorithm engineer would take this data and store it with a hashtable so that it is easily accessible for the backend.
The backend job was to then design the code that would search for the shows depending on how the user wished to search, then lastly my job was to take all of this and put it into the front for the user to explore through their options, searching, and then displaying the shows from their search.
Along with this my job also included making sure the user could not search incorrectly.
This project was a bit chaotic at first, as it was our first project together as a group, and we had some members missing due to class drops and whatnot. Overall though we were able to work together and get something nearly fully functional.
Again I do not have the code of the others, only my code and placeholders. Files with "I" at the start are instance classes and ones with PH are placeholders. Also, my backend placeholder has some hardcoded parts just for the sake of my own testing at the time.
